(Owl Hooting)
Think you could hurry it up?
I'm a lot of things,
but I ain't patient.
(clothes flapping)
Might I convince you to
reconsider, Taejin Jin?
There is a certain way
for those with power
to conduct their lives.
You might even call it destiny.
Your fate is to come join us.
Fulfill the sacred role the
heavens bestowed upon you.
Mm.
There's a little something I
always said to my grandson.
I told him, "Do what you want."
How charming.
In that case--
May God be with you.
(exploding)
(dogs barking)
(sighing)
What could you be
doing, Grandpa?
(upbeat music)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinkin' hard right now ♪
♪ 'Cause I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ Till the walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(upbeat music)
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Slow, slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
(suspenseful music)
-(exploding)
-Are you ready?
It's GOH's official
channel, Big Bang!
I'm your classy
nurse lady, Heal!
And I'm your sexy
bomber nurse, Sai!
And you won't believe
what Big Bang's
bringing you tonight!
It's a pre-nationals special!
You're in for a real treat
since we have both Commissioners
Q and O here as our guests!
Thanks for having us.
Yeah, hi.
Hey, we're on the air!
(laughs)
Look, I don't get paid
enough to act professional--
-(punching)
-(giggling)
So, how about those regional
preliminary tournaments.
They're over now, right?
Yes.
The big national tournament
takes place in just
two weeks' time.
Then, the God of High
School will have its winner.
Speaking of fighters,
what kinds will be
competing at nationals?
I'm so excited, I
just can't wait!
Hey, I just got a message
from the higher ups.
The top three fighters from
each regional preliminary
will all be paired up together.
So, basically,
the tournament will be
conducted as a team competition.
-Oh, wow, you don't say.
-(giggling)
And now we're
getting a live feed.
Announcer T, live
from the KORG Arena!
Seriously, you think it's
okay to smoke on live TV?
[Announcer T] Let me tell you,
things are heating
up here at KORG,
as we find ourselves
in the middle of a
neck-and-neck battle
to decide the
third-place participant
fighting at nationals!
Brazilian jiu-jitsu
user, Jaehee Byeon.
Moon Light Sword Style's
successor, Mira Yoo!
(grunting)
I won't go easy on you
'cause you're a girl!
I'll be the third contestant
that'll be representing
Seoul in the--
-(banging)
-(grunting)
(thumping)
Ah, man.
Not this again.
[Announcer T] The match is over!
The winner, Mira Yoo!
-(audience cheering)
-Way to go, Mira!
-(chuckles)
-Mira Yoo, Mira Yoo!
Now, you're gonna
be at nationals
and fight on our team, too.
All right!
The three of us are
gonna win together!
Yo, Daewi, why are you
lookin' away from me?
Cheer with me, man!
Hip hip, hooray!
Oh, careful!
(laughing)
-Yay!
-What an idiot.
We have a detailed analysis
for all the matches
conducted thus far.
There's no doubt in my mind
that one of our fighters
very well may possess
the qualities of the Key.
Okay, that explains
the sudden rule change.
Three-on-three team matches.
Sir, this is gonna be
a logistical nightmare.
You know that, right?
There were more tiger
cubs than I expected.
To grow, one must apply
themselves diligently.
Especially for people
at that stage of life.
Whether it's trust,
bonds and rivalry,
or jealousy, anger and despair.
When they harness
their strongest emotion
as the power driving
them forward,
only then will The Key awaken.
On that note,
regarding the matter of Seongjin
Oh's contact with Mira Yoo,
I'm afraid they orchestrated
that right under our noses.
Similar activity's
been confirmed
around Gangwon and Jeju.
It's Nox.
And I bet they'll
definitely be even bolder
once the national
tournament begins.
They're after the same
thing as us, so be on guard.
[Mujin] I've summoned The Six.
(cars zooming by)
(drink pouring)
(sipping)
This is so awesome, Mira!
Best day ever!
Now, you can stay
in the tournament
and keep fighting with
your two best buddies!
But, why is it a
team tournament?
And why do I have to
be stuck with you two?
Yeah!
Come on, don't you know
it's rude to point?
(giggling)
Come on, dudes, let's
go win this thing!
Yeah, the three of us together.
But I can't fight you if
we're all on the same team!
It's no fair!
Not fair, I wanna fight Mira!
And I wanna fight
Daewi again, too!
Stop whining!
Why do you wanna
fight us so bad?
[Mori] Well, if I
fight strong people,
-it'll make me even stronger.
-That's all it is?
There's another reason?
(sighs)
Let's go.
[Mira] What'll you do
if you do get stronger?
I have the goal of reviving
the Moon Light Sword.
But you?
[Daewi] So, do you wanna win
just so you can have
your wish granted?
[Mori] Oh, yeah, I guess
that's a thing, too.
But if I want something,
I get it for myself.
[Mira] So why, then?
Being stronger is just cooler!
[Mira] Mm.
What?
Did I say something weird?
Wait up!
(whooshing)
Huh?
(cars zooming by)
[Mira] Mori, what are you doing?
(car honking)
[Mori] Sorry about that.
Jeez, you're so embarrassing.
(Mori giggling)
(cars zooming by)
(soft music)
[Bongchim] You called
me here for this?
I'm a busy man, you know.
-(punching)
-(grunting)
(whooshing)
(scoffs)
You've grown quite
senile, old man.
-You've lost your touch.
-(scoffs)
Can't even tell I went
easy on you, can you?
Useless pupil!
I met Taejin's grandson.
[Mujin] And?
And let's just say it
looks like your little game
is about to get
somewhat interesting.
Even after eating the Sage
Fruit, he's as fit as a fiddle.
I'll take him as my pupil.
I look forward to seeing how
Taejin will react to that.
He's why I'm here.
I've gotten word that Nox tried
to get in touch with Taejin.
(Bongchim chuckles)
[Bongchim] The bastards
must've lost their minds.
Either that, or--
(sizzling)
See?
This is why I hate those guys.
Look what they made me do
to the beauty of nature.
Hm?
The hammer of judgment
will soon end this world.
Smiting down and obliterating
this tainted age.
And our God will descend.
(suspenseful music)
(shooting)
(whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
(crashing)
(whooshing)
-(soft music)
-(record scratching)
(birds chirping)
(shower running)
[Mira] Team matches.
I did manage to stay in
the tournament, but--
(whooshing)
Right now, I'm like a
third wheel for them.
[Boy] Mommy, can I get this one?
[Mira] I guess I'll
make curry tonight.
Huh?
Mira Yoo?
(baby cooing)
(can popping open)
-Here you are, Mira.
-Thank you very much!
You're the announcer.
Call me Bongsa Sim.
[Mira] He's blind?
[Announcer T] Congratulations
on getting through the prelims.
I know you've been through a lot
but the real fight
has yet to begin.
[Mira] Thank you,
but I kinda feel like I was
just saved by a rule change.
You made it into the
national tournament
because of the great
skill you displayed.
No shame there.
That said, you haven't yet
drawn out the true strength
of the Moon Light Sword.
Having taken second place
in the Seoul Preliminaries,
you can now battle once
again to come out on top
in the God of High School
national tournament.
Right.
But you no longer have
a motive to fight.
Do you still wish to continue?
Well, I racked up
a pretty huge debt.
I feel I should pay it back.
Your friend requested
I give this to you.
There's no beating
you idiots, is there?
If I don't, I know a guy
who'll come back from the dead
just to kick my ass.
And I need to let him
rest in peace, so yeah.
I think I'll keep going.
He has the eyes of a man now.
As long as our fighters are
highly motivated, we're happy.
We're done here.
[Daewi] There's one
thing I wanted to ask.
[Mujin] What?
I sense some strange power
is at work behind
the scenes here.
I wanna know what that power is.
(whooshing)
(suspenseful music)
It's Charyeok.
Two more weeks until
the national tournament.
(huffing)
Just wait until Daewi and Mira
see how much bigger
I am by then.
(huffing)
Training.
Meow, meow, meow,
meow, meow, meow!
Training.
Yoga.
-Training.
-(chuckling)
Training!
What am I even doing?
-Uh-oh!
-Huh?
(gasping)
Don't worry, kids!
I'll make sure to get
this balloon back to you.
The one your sick
grandmother gave you
with her last dying breath.
Actually my grandma is fine.
-(branch cracking)
-Ah!
-Whoa!
-Wow, so cool!
-(chuckling)
-Here you go, guys!
[Boy] Thanks!
(laughing)
(giggles)
Oh.
Uh-oh.
Might've twisted it.
(screaming)
Ow, ow, ow, ow!
What was that for?
It was only a minor sprain.
Huh?
Whoa, it doesn't hurt.
People with
unimaginable strength
will be taking part in
the upcoming tournament.
Right now, you're trying
to take on everything
with strength alone.
Of course, you'll
want to get stronger.
But if that's all you focus on,
then, when you run into
even greater strength,
(twig breaking)
put your feelings
into your sword.
My feelings?
[Announcer T] Evade gracefully
when it's appropriate.
And when it's time to
strike, don't hesitate.
(gust blowing)
But, why are you--
It was the Moon Light Sword
that took my sight from me.
[Mira] Put my feelings
into my sword.
Hey, look at Mommy.
She's looks more
like you every day--
Huh?
Take her and wait for
me in the car, okay?
Huh?
-Mm-hm.
-(baby cooing)
(suspenseful music)
I knew something
smelled rotten here.
An assassin from Nox?
(chuckling)
(fire whooshing)
The world has already
begun to move.
Essentially everyone you face
at the national tournament
will be people like that.
Savage gods, evil beasts,
messengers from heaven,
heroes who changed the world.
Your opponents
will borrow powers
from beings that transcend
human understanding.
The levels and numbers
displayed there
show the latent potential
of those who use charyeok.
Drawing forth the gods'
powers and integrating them,
making them one's own.
That philosophy
is what God of High
School is about.
How will you and
your teammates fight?
-Long time no see--
-(wind whooshing)
Too bad, I win.
Hey!
How'd you guys get in here?
This area's off-limits, you two.
C'mon, get a move on.
(roaring)
-(fire whooshing)
-(exploding)
(wind blowing)
Huh?
(grunts)
Alright, guess you won
that time, Taek Jegal.
(giggling)
The next time around,
I'll crush you.
We're gonna come
out on top for sure!
There's no one who stands
a chance against you,
you know what I'm sayin'?
Well, I'm the best in
the geezer division.
[Jangmi] There you go again.
Uh?
[Pum] Jangmi.
I'm going now, Grandfather.
On our family's name and
upholding your mighty honor,
I swear I will win
this tournament.
Don't you worry about me
or upholding my honor.
See it as an opportunity
to put your strength
to the test.
[Jugok] I will.
Hyangdan.
Give Jugok your support.
I understand, sir.
[Jaesan] I'd hoped this would
be an honest competition
for young people
to test the future
that lies in store for them.
(upbeat music)
-(punching)
-(grunting)
(upbeat music)
(knocking on door)
(birds chirping)
(door creaks open)
-Huh?
-Look at that!
I told you he'd be asleep!
Geez!
Why do you always oversleep
at the worst times?
[Mori] How'd you find
out where I live?
We asked the administration.
[Daewi] You live alone?
Well, when I was younger,
I used to live in the
mountains with my grandpa.
But he said I had to
go to school, so yeah.
[Mira] Are these your parents?
-Huh?
-Definitely not.
Grandpa said kids are mean,
and a kid like me, living
alone, would get a lot of shit.
He just hired them to
take that picture with me.
-(grunts)
-Mm.
He's pretty smart, your grandpa.
Right?
My grandpa's the absolute best!
Mira, your shoulder okay?
I'm just a little sore
from training too hard.
-(Mira groaning)
-There, there, and there.
Hurt now?
Wait, how?
(car zooming by)
Charyeok, huh?
I mean, honestly,
I don't know about gods and
all that magic kinda stuff.
But you did see it,
though, with your own eyes.
That's right, and
it wasn't natural.
It's best to assume
that in this tournament,
most of our opponents will
have powers like that.
Doesn't matter what
powers they have.
The stronger our opponents are,
the more fun
they'll be to fight.
All right!
We're gonna win this thing!
Yeah!
Yeah, baby!
-Woo!
-He's kinda got a point.
No matter what, there's only
one thing we have to do.
Yeah, that's true.
[Mira] Damn it!
Mori, Wait up!
The time has finally arrived!
It's what you've all
been waiting for.
The competition to determine
the strongest high
schooler in Korea,
the National God of
High School Tournament
is about to begin!
(audience cheering)
The top three fighters
from each of the nine
regional preliminaries
will fight as teams in this
contest to claim the top spot!
Which team will be rewarded
with the power of God,
a power that can grant
any wish imaginable?
The announcer, why
isn't it Mr. Sim?
No!
Bongsa Sim!
(suspenseful music)
Nox's doing.
They've already infiltrated
their way into our circle.
Well, what are we waiting for?
Let's get the national
tournament started!
Group A, match one will be
North Chungcheong versus Seoul!
And where's Q?
Running late again?
(suspenseful music)
(chuckling)
I took down Q, one of the
strongest commissioners,
just like that!
(chuckling)
There's no better
feeling than this!
(laughing)
(bright music)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high,
let's go discover ♪
♪ 'Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ 'Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them
all together ♪
♪ Not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ We lift us up high ♪
♪ We help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ 'Cause we know
that we'll win ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
(bright music)